---
layout: page
title: Data Object - RDSServerMessageSecurityData
hide:
 #- navigation
 - toc
---





Java Class  
> `com.vmware.vdi.vlsi.binding.vdi.resources.RDSServer.RDSServerMessageSecurityData`

Property of  
> [RDSServerInfo](vdi.resources.RDSServer.RDSServerInfo.md#field_detail), [RDSServerSummaryView](vdi.resources.RDSServer.RDSServerSummaryView.md#field_detail)

Since  
> Horizon View 6.1


## Data Object Description 

RDSServer message security information. 

## Data Object Properties

Properties

Name |  Type |  Description   
---|---|---  
**messageSecurityMode**|  xsd:string|  The current JMS message security mode used by this RDS Server.   


* This property cannot be updated.
  * This property will be one of:  
|  Value |  Description   
---|---  
"DISABLED"| Message security mode is disabled.  
"MIXED"| Message security mode is enabled but not enforced. You can use this mode to detect components in your View environment that predate View Manager 3.0. The log files generated by View Connection Server contain references to these components.  
"ENABLED"| Message security mode is enabled. Unsigned messages are rejected by View components. Message security mode is enabled by default. Note: View components that predate View Manager 3.0 are not allowed to communicate with other View components  
"ENHANCED"| Message Security mode is Enhanced. Message signing and validation is performed based on the current Security Level and desktop Message Security mode.  

  
**messageSecurityEnhancedModeSupported**|  xsd:boolean|  Indicates whether ENHANCED message security mode is currently supported by this RDS Server.   


* This property cannot be updated.

  
  
  
 | Local Properties|   
---|---|---|---  
[Service Types](index-mo_types.md)| [Data Object Types](index-do_types.md)| [All Properties](index-properties.md)| [All Methods](index-methods.md)  
  
  
