---
layout: page
title: Data Object - GlobalSettingsSecurityData
hide:
#- navigation
- toc
---





Java Class
> `com.omnissa.vdi.vlsi.binding.vdi.infrastructure.GlobalSettings.SecurityData`

Property of
> [GlobalSettingsInfo](vdi.infrastructure.GlobalSettings.GlobalSettingsInfo.md#field_detail)

See also
> [GlobalSettingsCertificateAuthenticationData](vdi.infrastructure.GlobalSettings.CertificateAuthenticationData.md)

Since
> Horizon View 6.0


## Data Object Description

Global security settings determine whether clients are reauthenticated after interruptions, message security mode is enabled, IPSec is used for security server connections, and SSO is used for local resource operations.

## Data Object Properties

 Name | Type | Description
:---|:---:|:---
**reauthSecureTunnelAfterInterruption**|  xsd:boolean|  Reauthenticate secure tunnel connections after network interruption Determines if user credentials must be reauthenticated after a network interruption when View clients use secure tunnel connections to View resources. When you select this setting, if a secure tunnel connection ends during a session, View Client requires the user to reauthenticate before reconnecting. This setting offers increased security. For example, if a laptop is stolen and moved to a different network, the user cannot automatically gain access to the remote resource because the network connection was temporarily interrupted. When this setting is not selected, the client reconnects to the resource without requiring the user to reauthenticate. This setting has no effect when you use direct connection.
**disallowEnhancedSecurityMode**|  xsd:boolean|  Reserved for future use Default value: false  **_Since_** Horizon 8.6 [^2]
**noManagedCerts**|  xsd:boolean|  Reserved for future use Default value: false  **_Since_** Horizon 8.6 [^2]
**messageSecurityMode**|  xsd:string|  Determines if signing and verification of the JMS messages passed between View Manager components takes place. This value can only be changed from ENHANCED if the disallowEnhancedSecurityMode is set to true.<br>* This property will be one of:<br><table><tr><th>Value</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td>"DISABLED"</td><td>Message security mode is disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>"MIXED"</td><td>Message security mode is enabled but not enforced. You can use this mode to detect components in your View environment that predate View Manager 3.0. The log files generated by View Connection Server contain references to these components.</td></tr><tr><td>"ENABLED"</td><td>Message security mode is enabled. Unsigned messages are rejected by View components. Message security mode is enabled by default. Note: View components that predate View Manager 3.0 are not allowed to communicate with other View components.</td></tr><tr><td>"ENHANCED"</td><td>Message Security mode is Enhanced. Message signing and validation is performed based on the current Security Level and desktop Message Security mode.</td></tr></table>
**messageSecurityStatus**|  xsd:string|  The status of the JMS message security. This tracks the application of changes to [messageSecurityMode](vdi.infrastructure.GlobalSettings.SecurityData.md#messageSecurityMode).  **_Since_** Horizon View 6.1 [^2]<br>* This property will be one of:<br><table><tr><th>Value</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td>"NOTSET"</td><td>The cluster is performing at Enabled/Mixed/DISABLED message security mode.</td></tr><tr><td>"ENHANCED"</td><td>The cluster is performing at the Enhanced message security mode.</td></tr><tr><td>"WAITING_FOR_BUS_RESTARTS"</td><td>The cluster is waiting for a bus restart to transition to ENHANCED message security mode or from ENHANCED message security mode.</td></tr><tr><td>"PENDING_ENHANCED"</td><td>The cluster is propagating the change to ENHANCED message security mode to all nodes.</td></tr><tr><td>"LEAVING_ENHANCED"</td><td>The cluster is leaving the ENHANCED message security mode.</td></tr><tr><td>"PREPARING_ENHANCED"</td><td>The cluster is preparing to go in ENHANCED message security mode.</td></tr></table>
**enableIPSecForSecurityServerPairing**|  xsd:boolean| **Deprecated.**_This property is being deprecated since Security Server will no longer be supported in future releases. Please consider using Unified Access Gateway (UAG) instead._ Determines whether to use Internet Protocol Security (IPSec) for connections between security servers and View Connection Server instances. By default, secure connections (using IPSec) for security server connections is enabled.
**certAuthData**| [GlobalSettingsCertificateAuthenticationData](vdi.infrastructure.GlobalSettings.CertificateAuthenticationData.md)|  Certificate authentication Data.  **_Since_** Horizon 8.10
 


 


[^2]: This property cannot be updated.